README.md, before:

# MIPS-Assembly-Practice
## This is a collection of (very) small programs that I've written in MIPS assembly.

### An examplanation of each of the programs, along with the translated C code can be found below:
| Program Name  | Description   | Link to MIPS version |Link to C version |
| ------------- | ------------- |----------- |----------------- |
| Loops-Basic-Additions | Just a useless program using loops | [Loops-Basic-Additions.s](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/MIPS%20Code/Loops-Basic-Addition.s) | [Loops-Basic-Additions.c](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/Mips-Assembly%20Translated%20C%20Code/Loops-Basic-Additions.c) |
| Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat) | Multiplies two numbers and allows user to repeat | [Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat).s](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/MIPS%20Code/Multiply-Two-Numbers%20(With%20Repeat).s) | [Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat).c](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/Mips-Assembly%20Translated%20C%20Code/Multiply-Two-Numbers%20(With%20Repeat).c)

Commit message:

Added MIPS function example
Also fixed a typo in the README

README.md, after:

# MIPS-Assembly-Practice
## This is a collection of (very) small programs that I've written in MIPS assembly.

### An explanationn of each of the programs, along with the translated C code can be found below:
| Program Name  | Description   | Link to MIPS version |Link to C version |
| ------------- | ------------- |----------- |----------------- |
| Loops-Basic-Additions | Just a useless program using loops | [Loops-Basic-Additions.s](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/MIPS%20Code/Loops-Basic-Addition.s) | [Loops-Basic-Additions.c](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/Mips-Assembly%20Translated%20C%20Code/Loops-Basic-Additions.c) |
| Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat) | Multiplies two numbers and allows user to repeat | [Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat).s](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/MIPS%20Code/Multiply-Two-Numbers%20(With%20Repeat).s) | [Multiply-Two-Numbers (With Repeat).c](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/WeaverDyl/MIPS-Assembly-Practice/master/Mips-Assembly%20Translated%20C%20Code/Multiply-Two-Numbers%20(With%20Repeat).c)
| Basic-Functions | A simple example of how to call functions in MIPS | Basic-Functions.s | Basic_Functions.c
